packages/cmake-rn/README.md, before:

# `cmake-rn`

A wrapper around Cmake making it easier to produce prebuilt binaries targeting iOS and Android matching [the prebuilt binary specification](https://github.com/callstackincubator/react-native-node-api/blob/main/docs/PREBUILDS.md).

Serves the same purpose as `cmake-js` does for the Node.js community and could potentially be upstreamed into `cmake-js` eventually.

## Linking against Node-API

Android's dynamic linker imposes restrictions on the access to global symbols (such as the Node-API free functions): A dynamic library must explicitly declare any dependency bringing symbols it needs as `DT_NEEDED`.

The implementation of Node-API is split between Hermes and our host package and to avoid addons having to explicitly link against either, we've introduced a `weak-node-api` library (published in `react-native-node-api` package). This library exposes only Node-API and will have its implementation injected by the host.

To link against `weak-node-api` just include the CMake config exposed through `WEAK_NODE_API_CONFIG` and add `weak-node-api` to the `target_link_libraries` of the addon's library target.

```cmake
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.15...3.31)
project(tests-buffers)

# Defines the "weak-node-api" target
include(${WEAK_NODE_API_CONFIG})

add_library(addon SHARED addon.c)
target_link_libraries(addon PRIVATE weak-node-api)
target_compile_features(addon PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

if(APPLE)
  # Build frameworks when building for Apple (optional)
  set_target_properties(addon PROPERTIES
    FRAMEWORK TRUE
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_IDENTIFIER async_test.addon
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_SHORT_VERSION_STRING 1.0
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_BUNDLE_VERSION 1.0
    XCODE_ATTRIBUTE_SKIP_INSTALL NO
   )
else()
  set_target_properties(addon PROPERTIES
    PREFIX ""
    SUFFIX .node
   )
endif()
```

This is different from how `cmake-js` "injects" the Node-API for linking (via `${CMAKE_JS_INC}`, `${CMAKE_JS_SRC}` and `${CMAKE_JS_LIB}`). To allow for interoperability between these tools, we inject these when you pass `--cmake-js` to `cmake-rn`.

Commit message:

Separate `weak-node-api` package (#308)
* Don't export weakNodeApiPath from host

* Move weak-node-api into its own package

* Add a podspec to weak-node-api

* Delete node-api headers from the host package

* Remove symlink restoring of weak-node-api from host

* Give preference to a Debug build of weak-node-api

* Combined two buildFeatures

* Error if weak-node-api is included outside of cmake-rn (for now)

* Temporary work-around deep-referencing into weak-node-api

* Use `find_package` instead of `include` to locate "weak-node-api"

* Updates to the package lock

* Moved weak-node-api into a peer dependency as it's supposed to be installed by the app

* Reset weak-node-api version to 0.0.1 as published

* Update readme and package description

packages/cmake-rn/README.md, after:

# `cmake-rn`

A wrapper around Cmake making it easier to produce prebuilt binaries targeting iOS and Android matching [the prebuilt binary specification](https://github.com/callstackincubator/react-native-node-api/blob/main/docs/PREBUILDS.md).

Serves the same purpose as `cmake-js` does for the Node.js community and could potentially be upstreamed into `cmake-js` eventually.

## Linking against Node-API

Android's dynamic linker imposes restrictions on the access to global symbols (such as the Node-API free functions): A dynamic library must explicitly declare any dependency bringing symbols it needs as `DT_NEEDED`.

The implementation of Node-API is split between Hermes and our host package and to avoid addons having to explicitly link against either, we've introduced a `weak-node-api` library (published in `react-native-node-api` package). This library exposes only Node-API and will have its implementation injected by the host.

To link against `weak-node-api` just use `find_package` to import the `weak-node-api` target and add it to the `target_link_libraries` of the addon's library target.

```cmake
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.15...3.31)
project(tests-buffers)

# Defines the "weak-node-api" target
find_package(weak-node-api REQUIRED CONFIG)

add_library(addon SHARED addon.c)
target_link_libraries(addon PRIVATE weak-node-api)
target_compile_features(addon PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

if(APPLE)
  # Build frameworks when building for Apple (optional)
  set_target_properties(addon PROPERTIES
    FRAMEWORK TRUE
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_IDENTIFIER async_test.addon
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_SHORT_VERSION_STRING 1.0
    MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_BUNDLE_VERSION 1.0
    XCODE_ATTRIBUTE_SKIP_INSTALL NO
   )
else()
  set_target_properties(addon PROPERTIES
    PREFIX ""
    SUFFIX .node
   )
endif()
```

This is different from how `cmake-js` "injects" the Node-API for linking (via `${CMAKE_JS_INC}`, `${CMAKE_JS_SRC}` and `${CMAKE_JS_LIB}`). To allow for interoperability between these tools, we inject these when you pass `--cmake-js` to `cmake-rn`.
